MantisBT Custom Import
When importing an external CSV file into MantisBT, the following fields are typically required:

Summary: A brief description of the issue
Description: A detailed description of the issue
Category: The category to which the issue belongs (e.g. “Bug”, “Feature Request”, etc.) Examples include Documentation, Functionality, GUI, Installation, Performance, Security, Other
Project: The project to which the issue belongs
Priority: The priority of the issue (e.g. “High”, “Medium”, “Low”, etc.)
Severity: The severity of the issue (e.g. “Critical”, “Major”, “Minor”, etc.)
Status: The current status of the issue (e.g. “New”, “Assigned”, “Resolved”, etc.)
Reporter: The name or username of the person who reported the issue
Assigned To: The name or username of the person who is responsible for resolving the issue
Date Submitted: The date on which the issue was reported
Last Updated: The date on which the issue was last updated
view_state : Public or Private
When importing a CSV file into MantisBT, you should not choose the “ID” column as this is only used for updating existing bugs.

CSV field	MantisBT field
Ticket Number	Summary
Issue Description	Description
Project/Dept Name	Category
Status	Status
Reason/Resolution	Resolution
Primary Contact From User (Name/Email/No.)	Additional Information (custom field)
Tech Support Team(Attended By)	Assigned To
Ticket Medium	Additional Information (custom field)
CUC/Cloud/NIC Coordinator (Name/email)	Additional Information (custom field)
Date/Received to CCC	Date Submitted
Remarks/External Issues (if any)	Additional Information (custom field)
OS Details	Additional Information (custom field)
Here is the suggested mapping of your CSV fields to the fields in MantisBT:

Based on the fields in your CSV, here are some suggestions for custom fields in MantisBT and their data types:

field	Data Type
Primary Contact Name	Text Field
Primary Contact Email	Email Field
Primary Contact Number	Text Field
Tech Support Team	User Field (to link to the user account of the support team member)
Ticket Medium	Enumeration Field (with values Phone, Email, Web, etc.)
CUC/Cloud/NIC Coordinator Name	Text Field
CUC/Cloud/NIC Coordinator Email	Email Field
Reason/Resolution	Text Field
Remarks/External Issues	Text Field
Viewstate	Text Field
